What are some things you should think about when working with joins and JSON in Spark.
JSON is universally used to transmit data.
It is simple to read and write.
Almost any system will accept it.
JSON format can be used to describe most record types.
Joining streaming data is typically difficult.
Usually joining streams of data is not straight forward.
Without built-in streaming join functionality,
you have to write code to cache or query and extract data.
This can be very IO intensive because the data is often
stored in very large tables and may be difficult to index.
The time to retrieve the secondary data is often prohibitive.